feat(curriculum): dice game project (#50819)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-intermediate-algorithmic-thinking-by-building-a-dice-game/64a1a9a92765fc019e1f17ce.md

---
id: 64a1a9a92765fc019e1f17ce
title: Step 20
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-20
---

# --description--

> Again, Apply the `forEach` method to the `diceButtons` variable to loop through each `div` with classname `die`. Use a es6 arrow function as a callback to the `forEach` method and add `dice` and `index` as arguments. 

Author: done

> Again, apply the `forEach` method to the `diceButtons` variable to loop through each `div` with a class named `die`. Use a es6 arrow function as a callback to the `forEach` method and add `dice` and `index` as arguments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Again, apply the `forEach` method to the `diceButtons` variable to loop through each `div` with a class named `die`. Use an arrow function as a callback to the `forEach` method and add `dice` and `index` as arguments. 
```

This is similar to step 12, but in this step, you are resetting the game.

# --hints--

> You should apply `forEach` method to the `diceButtons` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should call the `forEach` method of the `diceButtons` variable.
```

```js
assert.match(code, /function\s+resetGame\s*\(\s*\)\s*{\s*.*?diceButtons\.forEach\s*\(.*\)/s);
```

> You should use an es6 arrow function as a callback to the `forEach` method with `dice` and `index` as arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should use an arrow function as a callback to the `forEach` method with `dice` and `index` as arguments
```

Also should be split into two tests.
